Add device ownership configuration docs again (#770)
ubuntu/authd: docs/howto/configure-authd.md

## successfully authenticating with the Identity Provider.
## Values are separated by commas. Supported values:
## - 'OWNER': Grants access to the user specified in the 'owner' option
##            (see below). This is the default.
## - 'ALL': Grants access to all users who successfully authenticate
##          with the Identity Provider.
## - <username>: Grants access to specific additional users
##               (e.g. user1@example.com).
## Example: allowed_users = OWNER,user1@example.com,admin@example.com
#allowed_users = OWNER

## 'owner' specifies the user assigned the owner role. This user is
## permitted to log in if 'OWNER' is included in the 'allowed_users'
## option.
##
## If this option is left unset, the first user to successfully log in
## via this broker will automatically be assigned the owner role. A
## drop-in configuration file will be created in broker.conf.d/ to set
## the 'owner' option.
##
## To disable automatic assignment, you can either:
## 1. Explicitly set this option to an empty value (e.g. owner = "")
## 2. Remove 'OWNER' from the 'allowed_users' option
##
## Example: owner = user2@example.com
#owner =
```

> By default the first person to log in to the machine is automatically registered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the first person to log in to the machine is automatically registered
```

as the owner. If you wish to override this behavior then specify a list of allowed

> users with the `allowed_users` keyword, while omitting the `OWNER` keyword:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
users with the `allowed_users` keyword, while omitting the `OWNER` value:
```

Is this more precise?

Author: I would say `allowed_users` is an option, and `OWNER` is a keyword which can be used in the values of that option. I pushed a commit.

```text
allowed_users = person1@email.com,person2@email.com
```

Alternatively, you can directly register someone as the owner by using the `owner`
keyword:

```text
owner = your@email.com
```

> Explicitly setting an empty owner, has the same effect as omitting the `OWNER` keyword
> in `allowed_users`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explicitly setting an empty owner, has the same effect as omitting the `OWNER` value
from `allowed_users`:
```
